{# This template receives the following context:
  confirmation_link - the link that should be fetched (GET) to confirm
  confirmation_token - this token is part of confirmation link - but can be used to
    construct arbitrary URLs for redirecting.
  user - the entire user model object
  security - the Flask-Security configuration
#}
Hello and welcome to HSHR!

We're thrilled to have you join our
community. With your new account, you
can easily list your homebirth related
businesses and make it easier for
families to find you.

{% if security.confirmable %}
Before you get started, please confirm
your email address by clicking on the
link below. This will ensure that you
receive important updates and
notifications.

{{ confirmation_link }}
{% endif %}

Once you're logged in, you can
customize your personal account using
the "Account" option located in the top
right menu.

To add your business listing, simply
click on "Businesses" in the top menu
and then select "Add a business."
Alternatively, you can find the "Add a
business" link on your personal
dashboard.

After creating your business listing,
you can add contact information such as
phone numbers and addresses. To make
sure your business appears in the right
category, click on "List services" and
check all the services you provide.
Once you're happy with your listing,
click on "Publish business" to share it
with the world.

We hope you find our site useful and
we're excited to see your business grow
with us. If you have any questions,
please don't hesitate to contact us.

Best regards,
The HSHR Team